Add built in mutator section and reference `only_check_output` (#1289)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.0/reference/mutators.md

_NOTE: By default, the Sensu installer packages will modify the system `$PATH` for the Sensu processes to include `/etc/sensu/plugins`. As a result, executable scripts (like plugins) located in `/etc/sensu/plugins` will be valid commands. This allows `command` attributes to use “relative paths” for Sensu plugin commands, for example: `"command": "check-http.go -u https://sensuapp.org"`._

## Built-in mutators

Sensu includes built-in mutators to help you customize event pipelines for metrics and alerts.

### Built-in mutator: only check output

> There are check results where only the check output is required before for handling. For example, when sending metrics to Graphite using a TCP handler in check output that follows the graphite message format. Graphite will reject the metrics as they will include the entire event payload without the mutator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To process an event, some handlers require only the check output, not the entire event definition. For example, when sending metrics to Graphite using a TCP handler, Graphite expects data that follows the Graphite plaintext protocol. By using the built-in `only_check_output` mutator, Sensu reduces the event to only the check output, so it can be accepted by Graphite.
```
